hey whats up youtube it is a quick video
to show you how to set up your run
foscam that's my first cam and i'll show
you a quick video how to do it well you
your first camp should come with a CD in
the box you need to put that inside your
your tray and run it and then we'll pop
up let's have a quick look in this one
here you need to install a CD Nancy yeah
this will pop up you need to install
that this is from the CD and when you
finish install that you will get this
icon at the bottom here you need to open
that and you will come here and you will
say anonymous cam I just change your
name to Adam cam and you will have your
IP address at this idea which I don't
want to show you I trust you people then
you click on that double click on the IP
address and you need to enter your
username you need to make a password
anyway so the user name would be admin
ad em I n ok here we go ad em I n and
password
and depends why you use any views a the
IE browser you click on the fund a first
log in it if use fox or Google browser
you click on the second one which i am
using and then yeast you need to enter
that username and password again so is
ad mi n and then your password and you
enter this will pop up and you need to
set it up if you go to this dino dot dot
Cohen dot commonly just make an account
with them that's to view your camera
camera remotely but now I'm just showing
you true the my internet connect our to
the internet cable this is the status
and this is a the settings all the
settings are there I don't want to open
it because you might see some my details
so so this is a live video coming now
yeah that's me and this is a page or
opening this is a quick demo I'm moving
the camera down okay up here we go
and sideway is very very very good and
there is a camera siren and the other
side and there is a picture I'm just
using my iphone to do this video because
I had lots of trouble and so many video
explain how you set this video there we
go
the pitch is really really good and if
you have an iPhone you can view to your
iPhone and first cam have a few apps on
the App Store you can you can go and buy
and you can operate in my and your
iPhone if you go on holiday so neither
thing to keep an eye out enya in your
house God so in India in the management
there is a settings for I think it's
mail service mail service and if there's
a movement in your house or wherever set
your cam it will alert you by sending
you a mail so you need to set that up as
well so thank you very much if you need
any of any info just send me a quick
message and could you guys please
subscribe and rate my video and as I say
any info just give me a call i'm not
very good at making video by giving it a
go thank you very much one against my
foscam bye-bye send me any question if
you want Samantha thank you bye